Hello
It seems that Omi of nga
I will talk about the approach around green this time
Puringu when I often go on the course
Many I want to go and go
It is often seen if you do
We will make a few recommendations on such people
a Right
Proud to have the same stance as usual
3 servers too large
And if the ball is far from the body
Swing is cheap enough size
With that
There is a movement to choose by the fact that apart from just
It becomes easy to become inside-in
Near the grab until about near-normal state
I will prepare
It also gives to narrow the Stars of the foot at that time
By doing this
It becomes easy to make a small swing
this
Said and would try to raise significantly from here the body was a regular
Or
I will shift my body
Because I am
Small attitude
As much as possible
It is important to move close to a straight line
Then let's say
The normal shot for refund is the best
In this way, but in the case of the approach to swear the Green River
Make the club as vertical as possible
I will raise the heel a little
Then the ball is
I will go a bit head
Let's give it up like this
Your green by giving such an address
I will go less often
It will be an approach especially by all means Let's try it by all means